Create maxmind_geo_ip.rst (#228)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/maxmind_geo_ip.rst

*************************
**MaxMind GeoIP's Setup**
*************************

> With the changes MaxMind have implemented it's now a requirement that anyone using their lists must have an account and by having that account will have accepted their data protection requirements. It's fairly simple to set-up so let's get started.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
With the changes MaxMind have implemented it is now a requirement that anyone using their lists must have an account and complying to their data protection requirements. It's fairly simple to set-up so let's get started.
```

###################
Create An Account
###################

> Goto https://www.maxmind.com/en/geolite2/signup and create your account, note the email you provide will be used to send you the link you will need to enter in Opnsense, so make sure its a real account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goto https://www.maxmind.com/en/geolite2/signup and create your account. Note that the email address you provide will be used to send you the link you will need to enter in OPNsense, so make sure its a real account.
```

######################
Generate Licence Key
######################

Once you have created an account you'll need to create a license key. Click in the "My Licence Key" link and generate a key. Save the key ID somewhere safe!!! 

You do not need to download the config at this point.

#############
Create Link
#############

Now we need to create the link we'll need in Opnsense, all you need to do now is to replace the 'My Licence key' part of the link below with your license key.

https://download.maxmind.com/app/geoip_download?edition_id=GeoLite2-Country-CSV&licence_key=My_Licence_key&suffix=zip

You can check that you have done it correctly by just pasting the link into a browser, it should download the zip file. 

##########

> Opnsense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPNsense
```

##########

> In Opnsense, goto Firewall:Aliases and select the GeoIP settings tab. Enter the URL you have created into the URL box and click Apply, and that's it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OPNsense, goto Firewall:Aliases and select the GeoIP settings tab. Enter the URL you have created into the URL box and click Apply, and that's it.
```

Author: I'll make the changes you suggested in the morning and squash them  back into one commit.
